'сочетания
document.selection.Replace "jña","джня",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñā","джня",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñi","джни",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñī","джни",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñu","джню",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñū","джню",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jñe","джне",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "y","ьй",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jj","ддж",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "tṛ/","тар",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṭṛ","тар",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "ny","ньй",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "ye","ье",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyā","нья",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyi","нья",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyī","нь",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyu","нья",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyū","нью",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nye","нйе",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "nyo","ньйо",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll


' буквы
'document.selection.Replace "-","-",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "a","а",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ā","а",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "i","и",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ī","и",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "u","у",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ū","у",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṛ","ри",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṝ","ри",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "ḷ","",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
'document.selection.Replace "ḹ","aॣ",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "/e","э",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "e","е",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ai","ай",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "o","о",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "au","ау",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ḥ","",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṃ","н",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "k","к",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "kh","кх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "g","г",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "gh","гх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṅ","н",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "c","ч",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ch","чх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "j","дж",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "jh","джх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ñ","нь",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṭ","т",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṭh","тх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ḍ","д",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ḍh","дх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṇ","н",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "t","т",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "th","тх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "d","д",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "dh","дх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "n","н",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "p","п",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ph","пх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "b","б",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "bh","бх",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "m","м",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "y","й",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "r","р",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "l","л",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "v","в",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ś","ш",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "ṣ","ш",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "s","с",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll
document.selection.Replace "h","х",eeFindNext Or eeFindReplaceEscSeq Or eeReplaceAll